Improve custom domain discoverability (#3244)
mintlify/docs: customize/custom-domain.mdx

keywords: ["custom domain setup", "DNS configuration", "CNAME records", "TLS certificates"]
---

> Replace your `.mintlify.app` domain with your own custom domain (like `docs.example.com`) to provide a professional, branded experience for your users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace your `your-organization.mintlify.app` domain with your own custom domain like `docs.your-domain.com`.
```

## Add your custom domain

<Note>
  **New to custom domains?** A custom domain allows you to host your documentation at your own URL (like `docs.yourcompany.com`) instead of the default `.mintlify.app` address. This gives your documentation a professional appearance and makes it easier for users to find and trust your content.
</Note>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
